README.md, before:

# Telegram infostealer monitoring (private project)

## Installation
Require using python3, to install package that required please run the command below after clone the repo

``` shell
pip install -r requirement.txt
```

## How to use it / Configuration

Create .env file and has these information, these information can generate using telegram api webpage

``` conf
api_hash="your_api_hash"
api_id="your_app_id"
phone_number = "your_phone_number"
download_path="path"
```


## Russian Info Stealer 

Here are the few telegram channel that has the above information: (the list will get update and verify weekly) 
- https://t.me/+YZ9oDLRW0Q82NWQy (HelloKitty Cloud) info-stealer - Redline and Meta
- https://t.me/txtbaseurl (TXTBaseURL) Login Credentials 
- https://t.me/FreeLogPassForAll Login credentials - centralized a lot of source in here
- https://t.me/tor_log (Tor Log)
- https://t.me/cbanke_logs (cBanke) Login credentials - info-stealer
- https://t.me/RedlineViper (Redline) Redline logs
- https://t.me/BorwitaFreeLogs (Redline)
- https://t.me/CRONCLOUD Don't know yet but will crawl later
- https://t.me/URLPASSWORD Login credentials - with GB of data
- https://t.me/MoonCombo Login credentials - with GB of data
- https://t.me/FREE_RDP_BIN (RDP and VPS) Free RDP, Login Credentials
- https://t.me/DarkBotnetGT (DarkBotnet GT) Free RDP, Login Credentials
- https://t.me/FreeRDPvpsBIN Free RDP
- https://t.me/freevpsusa Free RDP
- https://t.me/cloudtxt 
- https://t.me/URLPASSWORD -> 
- https://t.me/urllogpas -> 
- https://t.me/fr33d4t4
- https://t.me/baseleak


## How does it work 

The script will using telethon to iteract with telegram download any TXT, RAR, CSV, ZIP file in chat or channel that you have join by using the API Hash and API ID that you generated by following this document (https://docs.telethon.dev/en/stable/basic/signing-in.html)

Search for keyword which is your email handle, domain or anything that important to you and output to a file or any channel that you like (Telegram, Tea,s chat, Discord by using webhook)

## Extract Stealer Information 

Refs: https://github.com/milxss/universal_stealer_log_parser/tree/main -> use this git repo to do all kind of stealer information extraction

Commit message:

Update README.md with more information and notes, test handle_zip()

README.md, after:

# Telegram infostealer monitoring (private project)

## TODO
- [ ] Compressed file handle -> RAR, ZIP: Ongoing
- [ ] Compressed file with password : Ongoing
- [ ] Extract Stealer Information
- [ ] Adding more telegram dork and google dork
- [ ] Remove hardcoded search keyword 

## Installation
Require using python3, to install package that required please run the command below after clone the repo

``` shell
pip install -r requirement.txt
```

## How to use it / Configuration

Create .env file and has these information, these information can generate using telegram api webpage

``` conf
api_hash="your_api_hash"
api_id="your_app_id"
phone_number = "your_phone_number"
download_path="path"
```
**Download path is the path that you will store the leak data you crawl from the telegram channel**

## Russian Info Stealer 

Here are the few telegram channel that has the above information: (the list will get update and verify weekly) 
- https://t.me/+YZ9oDLRW0Q82NWQy (HelloKitty Cloud) info-stealer - Redline and Meta
- https://t.me/txtbaseurl (TXTBaseURL) Login Credentials 
- https://t.me/FreeLogPassForAll Login credentials - centralized a lot of source in here
- https://t.me/tor_log (Tor Log)
- https://t.me/cbanke_logs (cBanke) Login credentials - info-stealer
- https://t.me/RedlineViper (Redline) Redline logs
- https://t.me/BorwitaFreeLogs (Redline)
- https://t.me/CRONCLOUD Don't know yet but will crawl later
- https://t.me/URLPASSWORD Login credentials - with GB of data
- https://t.me/MoonCombo Login credentials - with GB of data
- https://t.me/FREE_RDP_BIN (RDP and VPS) Free RDP, Login Credentials
- https://t.me/DarkBotnetGT (DarkBotnet GT) Free RDP, Login Credentials
- https://t.me/FreeRDPvpsBIN Free RDP
- https://t.me/freevpsusa Free RDP
- https://t.me/cloudtxt 
- https://t.me/URLPASSWORD -> 
- https://t.me/urllogpas -> 
- https://t.me/fr33d4t4
- https://t.me/baseleak
- https://t.me/llinkcloud -> Logs with GB of data, but base 2020-2022 -> still good
- https://t.me/breachdetector (Dark web monitoring and logs) -> good channels

# How to find these channel or Telegram channel in general
- https://telegra.ph/Tips-how-to-find-private-hidden-personal-groups-and-channels---TelegramPrivateChatLeaks-08-10
In this post there are few thing I like about it
- About the invitation link of Telegram 
- Using google dork, and telegram dork to find channel that private

Combine with the keyword and understanding of Telegram channel URL we can craft few dork to search for these leak channel. There are some basic search queries:
- site:t.me/joinchat access
- site:t.me/joinchat logs
- site:t.me/joinchat txt 
- site:t.me/joinchat 
- intext:t.me/ 
- intext:t.me/joinchat {keyword}
- site:t.me/ {keyword}

Some keyword that might relevant: 
redline, logs, cloudlogs, logsfree, free logs, hacking software, rat, ddos, trojan, 
botnet, infect, virus, spyware, cloud extractor, bltools, pegasus, cve, dcrat, venom,
aurora, stealer, free stealer, dropper, binder, blackhat, fud, asyncrat


## How does it work 

The script will using telethon to iteract with telegram download any TXT, RAR, CSV, ZIP file in chat or channel that you have join by using the API Hash and API ID that you generated by following this document (https://docs.telethon.dev/en/stable/basic/signing-in.html)

Search for keyword which is your email handle, domain or anything that important to you and output to a file or any channel that you like (Telegram, Tea,s chat, Discord by using webhook)

## Extract Stealer Information 

Refs: https://github.com/milxss/universal_stealer_log_parser/tree/main -> use this git repo to do all kind of stealer information extraction
